{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19660\viewh14580\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Bruce Dor\'e9, PhD
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf0 Annenberg School for Communication \
University of Pennsylvania\
email: brucedore@gmail.com\
web:   brucedore.github.io
\fs20 \

\fs12  
\fs22 \

\fs6  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs23 \cf0 EDUCATION & EMPLOYMENT _______________________________________________
\b0\fs22 \
2016-		Postdoctoral Researcher, University of Pennsylvania\
		Advisor: Emily Falk\
2009-2016	Ph.D. Psychology, Columbia University \
		Advisor: Kevin Ochsner\
2004-2008	B.Sc. Psychology, University of Guelph \
		Advisor: Linda Parker\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs12 \cf0  
\fs22 \

\fs6  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs23 \cf0 PUBLICATIONS ___________________________________________________________ \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs2 \cf0  
\fs22 \
Published and in press: \

\i0\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Cooper NC, Scholz C, O\'92Donnell MB, & Falk EB. (2019) Cognitive regulation of \
	ventromedial prefrontal activity evokes lasting change in the perceived self-relevance of 	persuasive messaging. 
\i Human Brain Mapping.\

\i0\b Dor\'e9, BP
\b0 , Tompson SH, O\'92Donnell MB, An L, Strecher V, and Falk EB. (2019)
\b  
\b0 Neural 		mechanisms of emotion regulation moderate the predictive value of affective and 	value-	related brain responses to persuasive messages. 
\i Journal of Neuroscience.\

\i0\b Dor\'e9, BP, 
\b0 Scholz, C, Baek, EC, Garcia, JO, O\'92Donnell, MB, Bassett, DS, Vettel, JM, Falk, EB 	(2018) Brain activity tracks population information sharing by capturing consensus 	judgments of value. 
\i Cerebral Cortex.
\i0\b \
Dor\'e9 BP 
\b0 & Morris RR (2018) Linguistic synchrony predicts the immediate and lasting impact 	of text-based emotional support. 
\i Psychological Science. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 Rubin-Falcone H, Weber J, Kishon R, Ochsner K, Delaparte L, 
\b Dor\'e9 B
\b0 , Zanderigo F, Oquendo 	MA, Mann JJ, Miller JM. (2018) Longitudinal effects of cognitive behavioral therapy for 	depression on the neural correlates of emotion regulation. 
\i Psychiatry Research: 		Neuroimaging, 271, 82-90.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0\b \cf0 Dor\'e9 BP, 
\b0 Rodrik O, Boccagno C, Hubbard A, Weber J, Stanley B, Oquendo MA, Miller JM, \
	Sublette ME, Mann JJ, Ochsner KN (2018) Negative autobiographical memory in 	depression reflects elevated amygdala-hippocampal reactivity and hippocampally-	associated emotion regulation. 
\i Biological Psychiatry: Cognitive Neuroscience and 	Neuroimaging, 3(4), 358-366.
\i0\b \
Dor\'e9 BP
\b0  & Bolger NP (2017) Population- and individual-level changes in life satisfaction 		surrounding major life stressors. 
\i Social Psychological and Personality Science. 
\i0 \
Zimmermann K, Walz C, Derckx RT, Kendrick KM, Weber B, 
\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Ochsner KN, Hurlemann 	R, & Becker B (2017). Emotion regulation deficits in regular marijuana users. 
\i Human 	Brain Mapping,
\i0  38(8), 4270-4279.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Morris, RR, Burr DA, Picard RW, & Ochsner KN (2017). Helping others regulate 	emotion predicts increased regulation of one\'92s own emotions and decreased symptoms 	of depression. 
\i Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin
\i0 , 43(5): 729-739.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Weber J, & Ochsner KN (2017). Neural predictors of decisions to cognitively control 	emotion. 
\i Journal of Neuroscience,
\i0  37(10): 2580-2588.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Boccagno C, Burr DA, Hubbard A, Long K, Weber J, Stern Y, & Ochsner KN 	(2017). 	Finding positive meaning in negative experiences engages ventral striatal and 		ventromedial prefrontal regions associated with reward valuation. 
\i Journal of Cognitive 	Neuroscience
\i0 , 29(2): 235-244.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Meksin R, Mather M, Hirst W & Ochsner KN (2016). Highly accurate prediction of 	emotions surrounding the attacks of September 11, 2001 over 1-, 2-, and 7-year 		prediction intervals. 
\i Journal of Experimental Psychology: General
\i0 , 145(6): 788-795.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Silvers, JA & Ochsner KN (2016). Toward a personalized science of emotion 	\
	regulation. 
\i Social and Personality Psychology Compass,
\i0  10(4): 171-187.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 ,  Ort L, Braverman O, & Ochsner KN (2015). Sadness shifts to anxiety with time and \
	distance from national tragedy in Newtown CT. 
\i Psychological Science,
\i0  26:4, 363-373.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0  & Ochsner, KN (2015). Emotion regulation. In A. Toga & M. D. Lieberman (eds.) 
\i Brain \
	Mapping: An Encyclopedic Reference.
\i0  Elsevier: Oxford.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Zerubavel N, & Ochsner KN (2014). Social Cognitive Neuroscience: a review of core 	systems.
\i  APA Handbook of Personality and Social Psychology
\i0 . In M. Mikulincer, P. R. 	Shaver, E. Borgida, & J. A. Bargh (Eds.), APA handbook of personality and social 	psychology.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \

\fs6  \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\fs22 \cf0 Working papers and research in progress:
\i0 \

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Duckworth, AL, Gross, JJ, and Falk, EB. Social norms regulate emotion and drive \
	behavior by shaping appraisal. \

\b Dor\'e9 BP,
\b0  Scholz, C, Baek, EC, & Falk, EB. Information virality is reflected in a distributed neural 	representation of value\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs23 \cf0 \
RESEARCH SUPPORT _____________________________________________________
\b0\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Neural predictors of successful graphic anti-smoking media \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 UPenn NIH-FDA Tobacco Center of Regulatory Science Pilot Project Funding Opportunity\
Co-Principal Investigators: Bruce Dor\'e9 and Emily Falk\
Total costs: $50,000\
2017-2018\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs23 \cf0 AWARDS, FELLOWSHIPS, AND HONORS _____________________________________\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\b0\fs22 \
2018 	Student Publication Prize, Society for Personality and Social Psychology\
2017 	Poster Award, Social and Affective Neuroscience Society\
2014 	GSAS Teaching Scholars Award \
2013 	Richard Christie Memorial Fellowship \
2010	NSERC PGS-M Extension\
2009	NSERC PGS-M \
2009 	Ontario Graduate Scholarship (declined)\
2007	NSERC Undergraduate Student Research Award \
2007 	Dean's Scholarship, U of Guelph \
2007 	Psychology Core Award, U of Guelph \
2007 	Biomedical Science Research Prize, U of Guelph \
2006 	Dean's Scholarship, U of Guelph \
2005 	Alumni Heritage Scholarship, U of Guelph \
2005 	Dean's Scholarship, U of Guelph \
2005 	Lionel Bradley Pett Scholarship, U of Guelph \
2004 	Entrance Scholarship, U of Guelph \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs12 \cf0  
\fs22 \

\fs6  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 INVITED TALKS & CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS ________________________________
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
2019    Society for Affective Science, conference talk\
2018	University of Pennsylvania, Wharton Behavioral Insights from Text, conference talk\
2017 	Temple University, Psychology Department, invited talk\
2017 	University of Michigan, Psychology Department, invited talk \
2017 	Princeton University, Neuroscience & Social Decision Making, invited talk\
2017 	International Communication Association, conference talk\
2016 	Association for Psychological Science, conference talk \
2016    Society for Affective Science, conference talk\
2015 	Columbia University, Psychology Department Social Psychology, research seminar \
2014	Columbia University, Psychology Department, research seminar
\fs12  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
PROFESSIONAL SERVICE _____________________________________________________\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
Journal Reviewer: 
\i0 \
Journal of Experimental Psychology: General, Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, Journal of Neuroscience, Biological Psychiatry, Social Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience, Emotion, Cognition and Emotion, Journal of Workplace Behavioral Health\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0 \
 
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Professional memberships:
\i0 \
Association for Psychological Science\
Society for Affective Science\
Social and Affective Neuroscience Society\
Society for Personality and Social Psychology\
International Communication Association\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Departmental service
\i0 \
Co-organizer, Cognitive Psych Area Meeting, Columbia Psychology Department, 2011\
\

\b TEACHING __________________________________________________________________
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
Courses Designed and Taught
\i0 \
Psychology & Neuroscience of Positive Emotion (Columbia)\
Seminar in Emotion (Columbia)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Teaching Assistantships
\i0 \
Research Methods (Columbia)\
Social Psychology (Columbia)\
Mind, Brain, and Behavior (Columbia)\
Developmental Psychology (Columbia)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs12 \cf0  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 REFERENCES _______________________________________________________________
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Kevin Ochsner\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0\fs21 \cf0 Professor of Psychology\
Columbia University \
phone: 212 851 9348\
email: kochsner@psych.columbia.edu
\fs22 \

\fs6  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Emily Falk\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0\fs21 \cf0 Associate Professor of Communication, Psychology, and Marketing\
University of Pennsylvania\
phone: 775 273 8836\
email: falk@asc.upenn.edu
\fs22 \

\fs6  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Niall Bolger\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0\fs21 \cf0 Professor of Psychology\
Columbia University \
phone: 212 854 9034\
email: bolger@psych.columbia.edu}