{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15160\viewh14580\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs23 \cf0 Bruce Dor\'e9, PhD
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf0 Communication Neuroscience Lab\
Annenberg School for Communication \
University of Pennsylvania\
email: brucedore@gmail.com\
web:   brucedore.github.io
\fs20 \

\fs12  
\fs22 \

\fs6  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs23 \cf0 EDUCATION & EMPLOYMENT _______________________________________________
\b0\fs22 \
2016-		Postdoctoral Researcher, University of Pennsylvania\
		Advisor: Emily Falk\
2009-2016	Ph.D. Psychology, Columbia University \
		Advisor: Kevin Ochsner\
2004-2008	B.Sc. Psychology, University of Guelph \
		Advisor: Linda Parker\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs12 \cf0  
\fs22 \

\fs6  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs23 \cf0 PUBLICATIONS ___________________________________________________________ \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs2 \cf0  
\fs22 \
Published and in press:\

\i0\b Dor\'e9, BP, 
\b0 Scholz, C, Baek, EC, Garcia, JO, O\'92Donnell, MB, Bassett, DS, Vettel, JM, Falk, EB 	(in press). Brain activity tracks population information sharing by capturing consensus 	judgments of value. Cerebral Cortex.
\b \
Dor\'e9 BP 
\b0 & Morris RR (in press) Linguistic synchrony predicts the immediate and lasting impact 	of text-based emotional support. Psychological Science. 
\i \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 Rubin-Falcone H, Weber J, Kishon R, Ochsner K, Delaparte L, 
\b Dor\'e9 B
\b0 , Zanderigo F, Oquendo 	MA, Mann JJ, Miller JM. (2018) Longitudinal effects of cognitive behavioral therapy for 	depression on the neural correlates of emotion regulation. Psychiatry Research: 		Neuroimaging, 271, 82-90.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Dor\'e9 BP, 
\b0 Rodrik O, Boccagno C, Hubbard A, Weber J, Stanley B, Oquendo MA, Miller JM, \
	Sublette ME, Mann JJ, Ochsner KN (2018) Negative autobiographical memory in 	depression reflects elevated amygdala-hippocampal reactivity and hippocampally-	associated emotion regulation. Biological Psychiatry: Cognitive Neuroscience and 	Neuroimaging, 3(4), 358-366.
\b \
Dor\'e9 BP
\b0  & Bolger NP (2017) Population- and individual-level changes in life satisfaction 		surrounding major life stressors. Social Psychological and Personality Science. \
Zimmermann K, Walz C, Derckx RT, Kendrick KM, Weber B, 
\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Ochsner KN, Hurlemann 	R, & Becker B (2017). Emotion regulation deficits in regular marijuana users. Human 	Brain Mapping, 38(8), 4270-4279.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Morris, RR, Burr DA, Picard RW, & Ochsner KN (2017). Helping others regulate 	emotion predicts increased regulation of one\'92s own emotions and decreased symptoms 	of depression. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 43(5): 729-739.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Weber J, & Ochsner KN (2017). Neural predictors of decisions to cognitively control 	emotion. Journal of Neuroscience, 37(10): 2580-2588.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Boccagno C, Burr DA, Hubbard A, Long K, Weber J, Stern Y, & Ochsner KN (2017). 	Finding positive meaning in negative experiences engages ventral striatal and 		ventromedial prefrontal regions associated with reward valuation. Journal of Cognitive 	Neuroscience, 29(2): 235-244.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Meksin R, Mather M, Hirst W & Ochsner KN (2016). Highly accurate prediction of 	emotions surrounding the attacks of September 11, 2001 over 1-, 2-, and 7-year 		prediction intervals. Journal of Experimental Psychology: General, 145(6): 788-795.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Silvers, JA & Ochsner KN (2016). Toward a personalized science of emotion 	\
	regulation. Social and Personality Psychology Compass, 10(4): 171-187.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Ort L, Braverman O, & Ochsner KN (2015). Sadness shifts to anxiety with time and \
	distance from national tragedy in Newtown CT. Psychological Science, 26:4, 363-373.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0  & Ochsner, KN (2015). Emotion regulation. In A. Toga & M. D. Lieberman (eds.) Brain \
	Mapping: An Encyclopedic Reference. Elsevier: Oxford.\

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Zerubavel N, & Ochsner KN (2014). Social Cognitive Neuroscience: a review of core 	systems. APA Handbook of Personality and Social Psychology. In M. Mikulincer, P. R. 	Shaver, E. Borgida, & J. A. Bargh (Eds.), APA handbook of personality and social 	psychology.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Under review:
\i0 \

\b Dor\'e9 BP
\b0 , Cooper NC, Scholz C, O\'92Donnell MB, & Falk EB. Cognitive regulation of ventromedial 	prefrontal activity evokes lasting change in the perceived self-relevance of persuasive 	messaging\

\b Dor\'e9, BP
\b0 , Tompson, SH, O\'92Donnell, MB, An, L, Strecher, V, and Falk, EB.
\b  
\b0 Neural mechanisms 	of emotion regulation moderate the predictive value of affective and value-related brain 	responses to persuasive messages\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs23 \cf0 RESEARCH SUPPORT _____________________________________________________
\b0\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Neural predictors of successful graphic anti-smoking media \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 UPenn NIH-FDA Tobacco Center of Regulatory Science Pilot Project Funding Opportunity\
Co-Principal Investigators: Bruce Dor\'e9 and Emily Falk\
Amount: $50,000\
2017-2018\

\fs12  
\fs6  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs23 \cf0 AWARDS, FELLOWSHIPS, AND HONORS _____________________________________\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\b0\fs22 \
2017 	Poster Award, Social and Affective Neuroscience Society\
2014 	GSAS Teaching Scholars Award \
2013 	Richard Christie Memorial Fellowship \
2010	NSERC PGS-M Extension\
2009	NSERC PGS-M \
2007	NSERC Undergraduate Student Research Award \
2007 	Dean's Scholarship, U of Guelph \
2007 	Psychology Core Award, U of Guelph \
2007 	Biomedical Science Research Prize, U of Guelph \
2006 	Dean's Scholarship, U of Guelph \
2005 	Alumni Heritage Scholarship, U of Guelph \
2005 	Dean's Scholarship, U of Guelph \
2005 	Lionel Bradley Pett Scholarship, U of Guelph \
2004 	Entrance Scholarship, U of Guelph \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs12 \cf0  
\fs22 \

\fs6  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 INVITED TALKS & CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS ________________________________
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
2017 	Temple University, Psychology Department colloquium\
2017 	University of Michigan, Psychology Department colloquium\
2017 	Princeton University, Neuroscience & Social Decision Making seminar\
2017 	International Communication Association, Communication Science & Biology talk\
2016 	Association for Psychological Science, preconference talk  \
2016    Society for Affective Science, conference talk\
2015 	Columbia University, Psychology Department Social Psychology seminar \
2014	Columbia University, Psychology Department seminar
\fs12  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 PROFESSIONAL SERVICE _____________________________________________________\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
Journal Reviewer: 
\i0 \
Journal of Experimental Psychology: General, Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, Journal of Neuroscience, Biological Psychiatry, Social Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience, Emotion, Cognition and Emotion\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0 \
 
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Professional memberships:
\i0 \
Association for Psychological Science\
Society for Affective Science\
Social and Affective Neuroscience Society\
International Communication Association\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Departmental service
\i0 \
Co-organizer, Cognitive Psych Area Meeting, Columbia Psychology Department, 2011\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs12 \cf0  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 TEACHING __________________________________________________________________
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
Courses Designed and Taught
\i0 \
Psychology & Neuroscience of Positive Emotion (Columbia)\
Seminar in Emotion (Columbia)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Teaching Assistantships
\i0 \
Research Methods (Columbia)\
Social Psychology (Columbia)\
Mind, Brain, and Behavior (Columbia)\
Developmental Psychology (Columbia)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs12 \cf0  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 REFERENCES _______________________________________________________________
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs6 \cf0  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Kevin Ochsner\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0\fs21 \cf0 Professor, Department of Psychology\
Columbia University \
phone: 212 851 9348\
email: kochsner@psych.columbia.edu
\fs22 \

\fs6  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Emily Falk\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0\fs21 \cf0 Associate Professor, Annenberg School for Communication \
University of Pennsylvania\
phone: 775 273-8836\
email: falk@asc.upenn.edu
\fs22 \

\fs6  
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Niall Bolger\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0\fs21 \cf0 Professor, Department of Psychology\
Columbia University \
phone: 212 854 9034\
email: bolger@psych.columbia.edu}